Author: Chance Anderson

This repository is created for the express purpose of completing the CST-150 class at Grand Canyon University. 
All code within is either auto-generated by Visual Studio, or coded by Chance Anderson. 

Furniture Store Inventory Management System

This is Milestone 1, where the object is to start a prototype for an inventory management system. 
What is included in this repository is the UML diagram for a basic item setup, a lo-fidelity flowchart to demonstrate the flow of interactions,
and a hi-fidelity demonstration of the inventory management system that is still a WIP. 

---

Milestone 2 update:
Implemented Item and Warranty classes, applied testing within main form. All applicable work required for Milestone 2 grading is in Milestone2 folder.

---

Milestone 3 update:
Implemented InventoryManager class, updated Item class to include quantity value. Applied testing within main form with multiple additions including search function, adding item function, deleting item function, and restocking function. New Form added for adding item function. All gradable materials can be found in Milestone 3 subfolder, along with copies of classes created and edited. 

---

Milestone 4 update: 
Changed Item[] to List<Item> and updated functionality in InventoryManager.cs and InventoryManagerScreen.cs to allow for new change. 

---

Milestone 5 update: 
Implemented new CheckoutCart form and added new functionality to InventoryManagerScreen to allow to add items to cart and checkout to display new form. Changed Item class to allow for warranties to be created as items to allow checkout functionality. 
